c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OverratedExample\OverratedExample\OverratedExample\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\Ball.xnb
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OverratedExample\OverratedExample\OverratedExample\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\Fondo.xnb
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OverratedExample\OverratedExample\OverratedExample\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\OverratedExample.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OverratedExample\OverratedExample\OverratedExample\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\OverratedExample.pdb
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OverratedExample\OverratedExample\OverratedExample\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\OverratedEngine.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OverratedExample\OverratedExample\OverratedExample\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\OverratedEngine.pdb
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OverratedExample\OverratedExample\OverratedExample\obj\Windows Phone\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OverratedExample\OverratedExample\OverratedExample\obj\Windows Phone\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.RuntimeProfile.txt
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OverratedExample\OverratedExample\OverratedExample\obj\Windows Phone\Debug\OverratedExample.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OverratedExample\OverratedExample\OverratedExample\obj\Windows Phone\Debug\OverratedExample.pdb
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OverratedExample\OverratedExample\OverratedExample\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OverratedExample\OverratedExample\OverratedExample\obj\Windows Phone\Debug\WMAppManifest.xml.g
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OverratedExample\OverratedExample\OverratedExample\obj\Windows Phone\Debug\WMAppManifest.xml
bin\Windows Phone\Debug\
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OverratedExample\OverratedExample\OverratedExample\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\OverratedExample.xap
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OverratedExample\OverratedExample\OverratedExample\obj\Windows Phone\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\OverratedExample\OverratedExample\OverratedExample\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\Nodo.xnb
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\OverratedExample\OverratedExample\OverratedExample\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\Blanco.xnb
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\OverratedExample\OverratedExample\OverratedExample\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\Seguidor.xnb
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\OverratedExample\OverratedExample\OverratedExample\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\Interfaz\Boton.xnb
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\OverratedExample\OverratedExample\OverratedExample\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\Interfaz\BotonPulsado.xnb
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\OverratedExample\OverratedExample\OverratedExample\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\Fuentes\Fuente.xnb
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\OverratedExample\OverratedExample\OverratedExample\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\Interfaz\Panel.xnb
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\OverratedExample\OverratedExample\OverratedExample\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\Menus\MenuEjemplo.xnb
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\OverratedExample\OverratedExample\OverratedExample\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\Interfaz\Logo.xnb
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\OverratedExample\OverratedExample\OverratedExample\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\Menus\MenuAStar.xnb
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\OverratedExample\OverratedExample\OverratedExample\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\Menus\MenuCamara.xnb
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\OverratedExample\OverratedExample\OverratedExample\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\FondoParallax2.xnb
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\OverratedExample\OverratedExample\OverratedExample\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\FondoParallax1.xnb
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\OverratedExample\OverratedExample\OverratedExample\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\FondoParallax0.xnb
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\OverratedExample\OverratedExample\OverratedExample\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\Menus\MenuParallax.xnb
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\OverratedExample\OverratedExample\OverratedExample\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\Mario.xnb
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\OverratedExample\OverratedExample\OverratedExample\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\OverratedExample.xap
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\OverratedExample\OverratedExample\OverratedExample\obj\Windows Phone\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\OverratedExample\OverratedExample\OverratedExample\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\OverratedExample\OverratedExample\OverratedExample\obj\Windows Phone\Debug\WMAppManifest.xml.g
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\OverratedExample\OverratedExample\OverratedExample\obj\Windows Phone\Debug\WMAppManifest.xml
bin\Windows Phone\Debug\
